---
id: deploy-node-address-setup
title: Address Setup
sidebar_label: Address Setup
---

An address is created usually to be used while running a node. If it's a Sealer node, you can use that address as the `Etherbase` in which any transaction fees your node seals will go to that address. If using it on a Client node, you could execute transactions with that address.

## Create New Address
1. Download the `geth` binary from the [Releases Page](https://github.com/ghuchain/go-ghuchain-releases/releases)
2. Run the command:

        $ geth account new --datadir /your/data/dir

3. You will receive a prompt to type in your passphrase twice:

        Your new account is locked with a password. Please give a password. Do not forget this password.
        Passphrase:
        Repeat Passphrase:

4. After entering your passphrase, your new address will appear:

        Address: {0000000000000000000000000000000000000000} // your new address

3. Your `keystore` file will be in the `datadir` you specified. You can decode the `private key` with this file. **Store this file along with your password in a very safe place. If you lose it or others gain access to it, they could drain all you funds.**

## Decode Private Key
The `keystore` file generated by [creating a new address](#create-new-address) can be used to generate your private key. There are many ways to decode the private key, but the suggested way is with MyEtherWallet.

1. [Create new address](#create-new-address)
2. Navigate to https://www.myetherwallet.com/#view-wallet-info
3. These next steps we recommend to do it offline (disconnect your ethernet cable or turn off your WiFi). This ensures nothing gets transmitted during this process. This is usually not a problem in uninfected malware systems, but either way it is a good precaution to take.
4. Click on `Keystore/JSON File`
5. Click on `Select Wallet File` and find your keystore file
6. Enter your password and click `Unlock`. Note this step is doing some heavy algorithmic logic and may take a little bit of time.
7. Once decoded, it will nagivate to a page with all your wallet info. Click on the `eye icon` next to `Private Key (unencrypted)` and that is your private key. **Don't share this with anyone!**
